[Applause]
new merch baby oh [__] I ran over the
mic course today we are talking about
late night TV but I just wanted to
mention at first that I'm completely
relaunching the yikes design check this
[__] out
it's like it's embroidered maybe I'll
zoom in it's so cool but I'm not gonna
be wearing this article of merch for the
video so I'm gonna be using a little bit
of movie magic alright guys so like I
said today we're talking about late
night TV I have a really conflicting
relationship with late night television
because I equally love respect and hate
it at the same time I'm always bothering
friends and family with my opinions on
it and I thought you know if I feel this
strongly why don't I
channel it into my art of complaining
about things on YouTube very meaningful
it's really really powerful stuff that
I'm making so let's not waste any time
today we're talking about late night TV
[Music]
talking about late night TVs so broadly
is kind of hard to do it has such a rich
history in the last century of American
television that you can't really ball it
up into one thing you know but I'm not
smart I'm not a historian so I can only
talk about my own personal experiences
and if we're talking about the beginning
of late night for me and most people
alive watching television that's Jay
Leno and David Letterman I know we're
supposed to talk about Ed Sullivan and
Johnny Carson and you know older men
that are dead and for the younger
viewers out there I need to mention that
Johnny Carson was like the guy while he
was on TV
he wasn't the original host of The
Tonight Show but he's the host of The
Tonight Show everybody was compared to
Johnny Carson for years and years and
years because he was the guy on TV but
that's history and to me I'll be honest
that's boring Johnny Carson is dead and
he'll never be alive again
that's how death works by the time I was
paying attention to late-night TV not
only was Johnny Carson long gone on TV
but Jay Leno was on his way out the
thing is too that current late night
hosts have memories of watching Carson
with their families or Letterman and
getting inspired by him but I'll be
honest with you Jay Leno didn't do any
of that [__] for me he is the definition
of boomer energy and I'm talking about
the current state of late-night so I
can't summarize everything that happened
between Jay Leno and Conan but if you're
not aware Jay Leno was leaving The
Tonight Show Conan was set to take over
for him then after retiring Jay decided
he still wanted to be on TV so they
pushed Conan's Tonight Show slot to put
Jay on before him and then Jay got The
Tonight Show back and they kicked Conan
off so that's Jay Leno you could take
two of these there's a prescription Jay
you old man
take two of these once a day when I talk
about late-night TV I'm gonna have to
narrow it down this video would be like
an hour if I covered all of the
late-night shows I want to talk about
the main ones that everyone in the
country can see so unfortunately even
though I love them
Oliver you're kicked Hasan Minhaj sorry
you're on Netflix Bill Maher
I don't care about you I want to pay
attention to the late-night host that
are on the platforms that started at all
networks
[Music]
[Applause]
all right here we go I know a lot of you
people clicked on this video just to
hear me hate on Jimmy Fallon the hate
for him is so interesting to me because
I've fallen into it before a little bit
you know you get a little annoyed of him
and you want to talk about it but it's
not about Jimmy as a person it's
undeniable that most of the country
thinks that Jimmy is a likable guide
it's arguably why he has a career in the
first place
[Music]
[Applause]
now obviously there are negative sides
to Jimmy's show and his personality and
how he is a host and we will cover that
for sure but I think the biggest problem
is that the source of this hate the
actual deep-rooted source of it is that
he has the number one spot in late-night
which when you really think about it is
a weird reason to hate somebody
especially because history shows The
Tonight Show has not been the best place
for late-night in my opinion for years
and every time I find myself being a
little bit annoyed of Jimmy I can't stop
thinking about the fact that he just
seems like a really really nice guy sure
being nice in entertainment doesn't
automatically mean you're good but as a
late-night host that is an important
quality and this can be seen as a pro or
a con depending on who you are watching
it but Jimmy was the only host that
tried to stay out of politics and people
tried to like tear him apart for that
but did you really want Jimmy Fallon's
political opinions did you really need
that when everybody else was giving
theirs and the show does not match my
taste personally in content but I will
give it to Jimmy that his show feels the
most like a party it feels like
celebrities are coming on to just have
fun and have a good time which are the
same thing
I just said it twice I don't know why
but unfortunately now we have to address
the cackling elephant in the room
Jimmy's laugh it seems so bizarre that
someone's genuine laugh causes so much
hate around the country but it just does
as most of you know Jimmy's
uncontrollable laughter is a constant
problem with the Tonight Show
laughing at your guests for good reason
is not a negative about a
at all Coenen does it perfectly he
elevates a comedians stand up just by
enjoying it in front of them but as most
of you know Jimmy laughs at [__]
everything and I don't think he's faking
it a lot of people do but if you just
observe his time on SNL he clearly just
laughs at anything even a little comedic
but the problem is is that it's a
conversation ruiner
sometimes something isn't funny and he
still laughs or sometimes something's
not that funny and he still dies of
laughter and here's where I get kind of
mean because I think Jimmy laughs as
much as he does because he's kind of
stupid I didn't want to say it it's mean
but he's a little bit stupid okay Jimmy
will ruin momentum of stories or
punchlines just to ask for clarification
or ask a question that doesn't really
make sense just to understand the person
better and the absolute best example for
this is when Louie CK was on The Tonight
Show he was doing stand-up about how
much he loves napping and Jimmy asked
him this question that's because I don't
take a nap because I need when I just
love it's my favorite thing you like it
better than sleep you bet it this sleep
is like the ultimate now you really so
here we clearly have Louie kind of
embarrassing Fallon but not doubling
down because everybody has those moments
where they just completely [__]
something up but then Jimmy refuses to
let it go and keeps doubling down on his
stupid statement and won't understand
what he said was wrong it's so cringy
but that's not what I'm saying I'm
saying if you take a nap are you laying
down yes and are you in a bed or I can
the Pens I mean that's okay can you get
just get past this part so even though
The Tonight Show isn't the number one
spot in ratings anymore historically NBC
is the place for late-night so let's
talk about who has the actual late-night
show
now when I was writing this video I was
thinking of pros and cons for every host
and for Seth Meyers I could think of
cons for other people like people that
wouldn't enjoy his politics but I
couldn't think of cons that I had about
Seth Seth seems to make almost every
single guest I've watched him interview
feel comfortable on his set he's
extremely friendly
he loves comedy he was a head writer at
SNL he elevates other comedians when
they're on and just seems like an
overall good host also recently it seems
like more than any other host Seth will
highlight and include his writers in
actual bits all the time he wants to
show that these people are writing jokes
for him he doesn't want to seem like a
one-man band also even if you disagree
with his politics you have to agree that
a closer look is a great segment it's
well-written it's informative it's funny
and honestly I think a better fit might
have been the Daily Show for Seth when
the slot was open there is one more show
on NBC and that's the Lilly sings
late-night show but I will be covering
that later so let's get on over to CBS
[Applause]
I will speak to you in plain simple
English anytime I think about my
personal opinion I'm cold there I'm very
very conflicted personally I think the
Colbert Report is one of the greatest
late-night shows of all time whether you
agree with the politics or not it
doesn't matter it's one of the greatest
pieces of performance art ever as well
he played a satirical character that
wasn't himself for nine years and never
broke on a show and I think the glory of
The Colbert Report is what makes it so
disappointing to watch the current show
like let's use his monologues as an
example when Trump was elected Colbert
was kind of the first to jump on
criticizing him in monologues and for a
lot of the country it was very
therapeutic to watch him do it but as it
went on it became clear that they were
reliant on this content they were
reliant on bad things to happen in the
news to Trump just to fill the time and
the monologues quickly went from this
triumphant you know first verbal punch
to Trump - like the 50th day in a row
that he was making cheeseburger jokes
because haha
Trump eats fast food and I have to
complain about this next thing because
it drives me [__] insane watching his
show Trump frequently tweets things that
are too long for one tweet so he will
end the tweets in a dot dot dot now I
don't know if you know this but
Colbert's impression of Trump is
god-awful it's [__] terrible in every
single time for comedic effect Colbert
will go dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
and he's done it like 300 [__] times
will not accept or allow dot dot dot dot
dot dot is like 3,000 Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
dad dad dad dad
in a major problem with the show is with
light interviews you know like actors
celebrities athletes the main meet of
late-night-tv Steven is just a bad
interviewer you can tell he lets his ego
get in the way he wants to talk a lot of
the time I've seen many times where an
actor a comedian will finish a story and
Steven will just sit there and go well
okay and then just start finishing the
interview Wow
that is a true story I learned then I
don't care if it's true or not I know I
did so much he knew exactly what he was
doing
okay you gonna be all right it's all
gonna be good no I feel very fine
where's mine
right there this yours right there and
I'm harder on Steven than I am on Jimmy
because I know Steven is extremely
intelligent and capable of better things
when it comes to serious interviews like
debates or politicians being on he is
not only asking the right questions but
also during this time when Ted Cruz was
on the crowd booed him and he responded
with this so if you want to change the
marriage laws I'm asking what you want
I believe in democracy I believe in
democracy and I don't think we should
all right guys guys however you feel
he's my guest so please don't boo him I
don't think we shouldn't truck he wants
to have an active and open respectful
forum to discuss things and I have to
respect Stephen for that so even though
it sounds more negative I truly do
believe that Colbert is a better host
than Jimmy Fallon but he has so much
potential that he seems to be wasting on
cheap political content so much for
helping me get to work today this this
traffic has been terrible I really
appreciate it James Corden is he's fine
carpool karaoke was an interesting idea
and then he sold it to Apple and he does
like big ads all the time like a chase
bank campaign and other ones like that I
see him in commercials constantly I mean
you can definitely tell that Gordon does
put in the effort to try and make a good
show
you know you can sing you can dance he
does bits with people all the time but
he's just okay I do like the idea of
having both of your guests on the couch
at the same time I think it's kind of
dumb to be like there's the one
important guest
and then the second lesser guest that'll
come out later also he did this big
sketch on like a yacht with Tom Cruise
and it just feels really bizarre cuz
it's like he's the Scientology guy or we
just forget we were just being fun and
doing bits with him like have him on the
show to promote Mission Impossible I get
that but having the idea to do a long
bit with Tom Cruise it's like
Scientology what's going on and I I have
never met a more competent a more
intelligent a more tolerant a more
compassionate being outside of what I've
experienced from LRH last night while
you're sleeping it's weird talking about
Jimmy Kimmel on YouTube because at a
certain time when everyone was hating
traditional media and YouTube as a
company favoring it he was also trending
all the time so Jimmy has kind of become
the face of traditional media on YouTube
and it intruding on us which I don't
think is exactly fair to just put all
that pressure on him so I will say the
pros of Jimmy Kimmel are that his
monologue seemed pretty decent whenever
I catch them he seems like he actually
really cares about comedy a lot he has
the bits with Matt Damon he's had
hilarious bits on the show where he just
lets celebrities do their thing like if
you haven't seen the knife guys sketch
with Ryan Gosling and Will Ferrell I
believe there's two of them they're
[__] hilarious he's also a great
interviewer he seems to have friendly
fun conversation with most of the guests
and when he has something serious it's
actually a good interview I did think
after the Joaquin Phoenix interview that
he was an absolute [__] but it turns
out they were just doing like
performance arts to reference the Joker
about embarrassing a guest on purpose
but also sometimes Jimmy can come off as
a bit of a dick I know a lot of people
find the Halloween candy pranks funny I
just think it's weird to like betray the
trust of your kid and make them cry and
then upload it so millions of people can
watch how is your kid gonna feel at
school the next day when everybody in
their school watched them cry on Jimmy
Kimmel last night it's so [__] dumb
that Gus and I made a sketch about it
last year because we hate it so much the
last thing I'll say about Kimmel it's
nothing really biting or some big
but since he's on ABC which is Disney it
seems like they use him as a promotional
tool for their movies a lot and I should
be clear that every late-night host
obviously is a promotional tool that's
what late-night is about in the first
place it just feels a little bit more
disingenuous when he's actually a part
of the company promoting the movies
and now it's time for my clear bias
Conan O'Brien if the best late-night
host I think that there has ever been
now again I want to stress that I was
too young for Letterman so I cannot
include him in my opinion and I will say
that Conan says Letterman was the direct
inspiration for him doing what he does
in my opinion Conan is just clearly the
funniest late-night host Conan always
makes the joke on him he's always the
loser I don't care who you were it's
like seven forks not sweet he was also
the first one to really embrace YouTube
and start uploading good content to it
Conan's remotes are famous for being
just incredible when he's just out in
the world or out in his office talking
to people he is naturally funny and
friendly when he's not being friendly
he's being kind of creepy but the joke
is that he is the creep but even
internationally it seems that people
loved Conan he's just universally known
as the best one when he has Stan of
comedians on he doesn't steamroll them
with questions or try to make it a
little bit about him he lets them work
and enjoys their work on TV with the
audience take someone like Bill burr for
example I love Bill burr but I have to
admit the more and more I see em in
interviews he is kind of the problem in
interviews he's kind of an [__] if
you say something stupid to bill or ask
a question that he wasn't ready for he
will [__] pounce on you do you keep a
weapon on yours or no on what in your uh
I don't if you have the helicopter if
you rent a locker I really have to
answer that
he knows goddamn well I don't have a
weapon why are you doing this you don't
and it just goes to show that bill
doesn't really work on other late-night
shows like he does on Conan and that's
because Conan is such a great
interviewer he gives bill the space to
be himself because he knows if he
intervened it wouldn't work out well
being fully honest Conan's career at
least as a late-night host should have
died when he got screwed out of the
Tonight Show but his fans are so intense
and
love him so much that he still survived
because of them and rightfully so
he deserves to be in the number one spot
but just kind of isn't because of what
Jay Leno did I will say I guess my big
negative with Conan is just his
monologues are ok but that's really most
late night monologues these days it's
just kind of a dying format and nobody
really wants to see it that much anymore
so I don't really take too much from him
for that also
Conan deserves praise for Andy Richter
he not only has Andy elevate things and
make good comments all the time but he's
the only host to have his sidekick sit
next to him and actually enjoy things
with him in a time with a bunch of older
late-night host when Conan came onto TBS
I started watching late night for the
first time like watching it for real by
myself not with my parents because it
was on and Conan has and always will be
a huge inspiration to my style of comedy
or at least just being defiant in your
comedy against all odds
[Music]
so after all of that we know what
current late-night is like for the
actual hosts but what is late-night in
general like for us right now I'm
genuinely asking I don't know because
right now I would assume that most
people especially watching this get
their late-night content from snippet
videos on YouTube the idea of having
that one show that everyone's tuning
into to see the party with celebrities
that night is dead we're in the age of
the internet now and late-night TV is
fake mostly everybody knows this by now
but if you don't host ask the celebrity
what kind of stories they'd like to tell
most of the time there's not a real
interview and we're in the age of the
internet it's real [__] now there's
podcasts everywhere with great
conversation and the only late-night
host to be tired of the current format
and to want to change it up and be more
real is Conan [__] O'Brien
Conan sorta recently changed up his show
it's now 30 minutes he has more real
conversations with the guests and he
started a podcast where he has
completely honest and real conversations
for about an hour with celebrities but
the sad thing is is that Conan's TV show
being reformatted still doesn't really
work that well nobody's tripping over
themselves to go watch Conan on TBS
anymore but now that he has a podcast if
his TBS deal ends he's forever relevant
with podcasts because he adapted to the
internet and the changing format of it
so you have the best late-night host
adapting to the internet and what I
could argue would be the worst and most
disingenuous thing you could possibly do
with late-night TV is take somebody
who's adapted to the Internet and force
them into the old stale fake late-night
format and that's what's been done with
Lilly Singh I have to mention there's an
incredible video by J Aubrey I will link
it in the bio under my sponsorship in my
merch I'm sorry J Opry I gotta make that
coin but it's down there but I'll just
say my opinions really quick that also
fall in line with a lot of what J abri
said it doesn't seem like Lilly put in
the work in traditional stand-up comedy
or TV hosting at all and that's not to
say a newcomer can't be good Conan was a
writer and they just picked him out of
nowhere he's a complete unknown and just
pushed him on TV but he took a long
time to try and adjust and make the show
good he'll even admit that his show was
terrible at first so I will say that
Lily's show is bad currently but a first
monologue as a late-night host is
incredibly important Lily's first
monologue was so polarizing to the
audience of Americans in general she
came out and said this what I know for
sure some people at home are looking at
their TVs just like is something wrong
with my TV why are they playing Slumdog
Millionaire after Seth Meyers
I understand that for some people and
white people seeing someone like me host
the show is terrifying hashtag not my
Carson Daly and I will say and I'm sorry
I'm really not one of those guys going
like what about white dudes you forgot
about guys in this scenario but in her
first monologue Lilly seems to use the
word whites and the word
I got a whisper it for D monetization
purposes racist interchangeably she says
that white people are terrified to see
her in her spot I am overjoyed to see a
youtuber and a woman of color in that
slot that's awesome now please be funny
also she says hashtag not my Carson Daly
we don't give a [__] about Carson nobody
is watching that slot and that's what I
think is kind of insulting they take a
youtuber and a woman of color and they
say here's your late night show but it's
on way after everybody else but honestly
maybe I'm just the beginning maybe all
of your favorite movies and TV shows are
gonna get a minority remake where Viggo
Mortensen has been replaced by Morgan
Freeman and that was just a movie about
two friends driving through the south
feeling equally uncomfortable or HBO's
girls but with an all Indian cast yeah
there's no sex or nudity just really
suggestive hand-holding Lilly to me just
isn't that comedic Lee talented and it's
not about her being a woman of color
there are a ton of people that I think
would be better choices for that slot
instead of Lily just like I don't like
certain other hosts I just don't think
Lily's a
good fit so if we're talking about the
future of late-night-tv its kind of up
in the air it seems like a lot of the
old hosts are willing to try and adapt
but network TV is still going on a
downward trend so these shows at one
point might just be on YouTube or just
be on streaming services and I'm really
interested on seeing who the picks could
be so we may just be looking at a dead
format it might have just been something
that could last for you know like 70
years and it might just be tired now but
for now it's kind of up in the air so
thanks for watching my video and now a
word from our sponsor but it's me
talking about our sponsor they're not
talking
this video was sponsored by ray cons
everybody say Thank You ray con man we
had fun talking about those late night
hosts and don't you wish you could have
heard that video in high quality audio
recon is a company that was started by
Ray J you know like you know and what
they say is that Ray J was sick of high
quality headphones being so damn
expensive so we made wireless high
quality headphones they sent me a pair
of these bad boys and you can ask Gus
he'll tell ya I've run every day I've
run every day for five years without
missing and I don't know guess give me a
pause or something but once they sent me
these I started running with them and
they have not flinched in my years at
all they have not fallen out and recog
ear buds sound just as good as premium
audio brands but start at about half the
price these are the first nice
headphones that I've ever owned so I
really really like them so if you want
these click the link in the description
below to get access to recons Black
Friday and Cyber Monday deals so go to
buy recon comm slash Eddie with a why to
get amazing Black Friday deals on Raycom
the link is also in the description
thank you for supporting the show break
on hopefully you guys enjoyed the video
I don't even leave this because I
actually I could speak from the heart
that I like those headphones get out
[Music]
thank you to carry Chris Justin Derek
Laura Sarah Kelly Colleen Sloane Chris
Barnard Mel Olivia Damien Nick Gabrielle
the herdsman hanging judge Dom Kenzie
Mallory Jackie Aurora Ezra Diana Ashlee
cyber case Brandon Alex Lisa Meghan
player brand the raisins Reese Amanda
Shelby Nietzsche Bond car
Haley Elizabeth Peter Moll and Chelsea
Josie Michael Trent Dave and Janet Marin
and Cody thank you guys so much